Hey Bob-
First, I apologize for it being SO long since I have reached out to communicate. To make it even worse, the last three years I have been in Oregon from mid-June to mid-October. I have a good excuse as you will soon read.

Not sure if you know, but Sandra and I bought a lot in Yacahts with two dwellings on it 35 years ago. At the time there was a one bedroom home then a barn/garage. Over the years we had the barn/garage converted into a three bedroom home. We then rented them out for out for years. 

The Flordia summers just got unbearable for us, so we decided to be "rainbirds" and escape Flordia during heat and hurricane season from mid-June to mid-October. Well, after 30+ years of renting out the houses they were in remarkably terrible shape. So the last three years we have been doing LOTS of manual labor fixing up the houses and landscaping. We have had one builder doing some of the work or we would never have finished. Last summer we got all the really major work done, and it was a lot. So this coming summer we might be able to enjoy some time. 

I am still working for a tech company based in Boston, but work remotely. So they don't care from where I work. I could set the hours I work, but since I am an early riser I still work eastern time hours, 6AM - 2PM. That means every weekday after my real work I worked 3-4 hours on the house. Then of course every weekend oh the house. :-(

I really enjoy my work, work with great folks in my immediate group of 6 folks. I am 64 years old now (not sure how that is possible) and hope I can work until I am 70. Gladly I don't have to work that long for financial reasons, but I like what I do, it keeps my mind active, and not sure what I would do otherwise. I may not be good at retirement.

Also, if you would ever like to head to Yachats for a stay you would be more than welcome. We no longer rent out either house, so my brothers, sister, nieces, nephews and some work friends take advantage of the place. All we ask is folks leave the house cleaner than they found it. The back house has two king beds, and the front house a queen bed and a queen hide-a-bed. I'm pretty certain your daughters won't trash the place (I konw you and Connie raised them well), so feel free to let them know they would also be welcome. The smaller, front house we just were finishing as we left last year so it is still not totally furnished, but beds, other funiture and kitchen are in. No bedding, dishes, etc, yet.

Here is a web site with some info about the places: https://mboles.github.io/. On the Availability Calendar page you can see open times. As good a friends you and Connie were to me, and helped me through some hard times, it would make me happy if you are your daughters could take advantage of this. Just a small payback for all you have done for me.

I won't bore you with any other details (well ok one, we still like going out in our little boat and fishing). 

Hope you and yours are all well!

-M