In this video, I will be helping you learn how to create a page in Brightcove Beacon.

We'll focus on the creation process, not the content of the page just yet. Other videos in this course focus on page types and configuration.

**Slide 2
This is a quick glimpse of where we are headed. This is a screenshot of the Brightcove Beacon UI to build pages. The gray dropdown displays all the page types. The colorful nested boxes at the bottom of the screenshot are how we will place video content on pages.

**Slide 3
Here are a few details about page creation before we create a non-configurable page.

We see the path in the UI for new page creation.

Also, there is a one-to-one correspondence between the pages we create and menu items in the apps.

For pages, we will see these four tabs on which we will need to supply configuration information.

**Slide 11
Now let's actually build a page. This will be a simple page where we display some user viewing history and preferences.

**UI
In the Brightcove Beacon UI we have a pages tab, and from there we create a new page. 

Before clicking the new page button, we'll want to decide where our new page should be located in the  menu, and get a the Order number for that position. This time lets use 55.

Now click the Add new page button

For Basic data we will provide the System Title, which is the internal name. And here we'll use the CreateDemo. Here we use a name with no spaces just to show that this name can be different than the name that is visible in the actual app.

Then use the Order number we chose earlier.

We don't need to worry about Friendly URL or Genre Type.

Now select a page type, for this walkthrough we'll choose my_stuff-all, which shows favorites and recently watched on one page.

For the menu item appearance, Presentation Type form field, just text is fine.

For Textual data, enter the Title viewers will see as a menu Item in the actual Brightcove Beacon apps, so Create Demo, with a space this time.

For non-textual data, icons can be uploaded that appear either beside or in place of the text name in the menu. The backgrounds are only needed if using a specific type of screen page.

Tags is not functioning now, so we can skip that.

Lastly Rights & Scheduling. Be sure the page is published.

Enter dates when the page can be used.

Indicate the devices on which the page can be viewed.

And lastly handle the locations. Be sure at least one permitted location is supplied.

Click Create Page to actually create the new page.

That's it, that's the page creation process.

We want to see immediately if the process worked, so the cache needs to be cleared.

**Web app
Refresh the page, and there is our new page. And we see the my stuff all layout.

**Slide 15
Let's review the main learning points.

1. Pages created in the Brightcove Beacon UI
2. Pages and menu items have a on to one correspondence, so for every page, get a new menu item
3. The Order number specifies where the menu item is placed in relation to other pages

That's it, sadly we've come to the end of another exciting video in this course. 

Thanks for using Brightcove Beacon and watching these videos!