We have three types of pages, which serve VERY different purposes.

First we have configurable pages. In the Brightcove Beacon UI we will see they are called SCREEN pages. We use these pages to layout how viewers should see our video content. In this course, a later video is entirely dedicated to configuring these kind of pages.

Next are non-configurable pages. These pages are like system pages, which provide viewers info about the app, the status of the app and their activities in the app. For instance 
-Downloads
-Settings
-Favorites

are all examples of non-configurable pages.

The last type of page only applies to Brightcove Beacon web apps, and these are redirect pages. These pages redirect to other web pages.

The page creation process varies between the three pages types, but there are more similarities than differences. We'll create one page to see the flow.

**Slide 3
This is a quick glimpse of where we are headed. This is a screenshot of the Brightcove Beacon UI to build pages. The gray dropdown displays all the page types. The colorful nested boxes at the bottom of the screenshot are how we will place content on configurable pages.

**Slide 4
lets fill in the Why/What and Hows about configurable pages.

**Slide 5
Before seeing these details, let's go look at some configurable pages in an actual Brightcove Beacon web app.

**Web app
The Home page is showing a featured playlist of videos in a carousel across the top, then using tabs to let users choose what other videos to browse.

The tabs show Florida beaches in another carousel, while the Living Desert Animals are displayed in a grid.

Already we see we have different thumbnail sizes as well as different display layouts.

On the Test Page we see a configurable page that uses a hero image. The background is an uploaded image, then we can choose what and how to display videos.

For the last example, the All Playlists shows two playlists displayed in Grids, but of different size of thumbnails.

**Slide 5 again
A few details here. Configurable pages are called screen pages in the Brightcove Beacon UI.

The layouts are quite flexible, but not quite totally free form, hence the quotes.

And as mentioned, another video goes into details of configurable page creation and the various options and layouts.

**Slide 6
Non-configurable pages you choose the one you want from the type list, and that's it, no configuration

Slide 7
Before seeing these details, let's go look at some non-configurable pages in an actual Brightcove Beacon web app.

**Web app
In this app the Favorites, Recently Watched and Settings are the non-configurable pages used.

**Slide 7 again
These pages are also referred to as system pages, which provide info on the status of the app and what viewers have done in the app

Some non-configurable pages permit you to choose a layout in the Wizard, but not configurable in the Brightcove Beacon UI

Listed are some example non-configurable pages. 

**Slide 8
Here are two different layouts for the Landing page. Once you choose one of these, there are no tweaks you can make to them

**Slide 9
Here's a note to make us aware that not every page will appear the same on each platform, and sometimes pages won't appear at all based on a particular configuration

**Slide 10
Here are a few details about page creation before we create a non-configurable page.

We see the path in the UI.

Also, there is a one-to-one correspondence between the pages we create and menu items in the apps.

For each page type, we will see these four tabs on which we will need to supply configuration information.

**Slide 11
Now let's actually build a page. This will be a simple page where we choose some non-configurable page to display.

**UI
In the Brightcove Beacon UI we have a pages tab, and from there we create a new page. 

Before clicking the new page button, we'll want to decide where our new page should be located in the  menu, and get a the Order number for that position. This time lets use 55.

Now click the Add new page button

For Basic data we will provide the System Title, which is the internal name. And we'll use the CreateDemo. Here we use a name with no spaces just to show that this name can be different than the name that is visible in the actual app.

Then use the order we chose.

We don't need to worry about Friendly URL or Genre Type.

Now select a page type, for this walkthrough we'll my_stuff-all, which shows favorites and recently watched on one page.

For the menu item just text is fine.

For Textual data enter the Title views will see as a menu Item in the actual Brightcove Beacon app, so Create Demo, with a space.

For non-textual data, icons can be uploaded that appear either beside or in place of the text name in the menu. The backgrounds are only needed if using a specific type of screen page.

Tags is not functioning now, so we can skip that.

Lastly Rights & Scheduling. Be sure the page is published.

Enter dates when the page can be used.

Indicate the devices on which the page can be viewed.

And lastly handle the locations. Be sure at least one permitted location is supplied.

That's the process.

Let's create the new page.

We want to see it right away, so the cache needs to be cleared.

**Web app
Refresh the page, and there is our new page. And we see the my stuff all.

**Slide 12
Redirect pages are only for use on the Brightcove Beacon web apps, and quite straight forward to implement.

**Slide 13
Again, let's see an example of the page type in action before looking at implementation details.

**Web app
When the Redirect Demo link is clicked, we are redirected to a new tab and sent to a URL that was specified, in this case the Brightcove Beacon docs index page.

In this case a new tab was opened, but you can choose another type if you want to redirect to a new page in the same tab.

**Slide 13 again
Again, redirect pages only good for web apps

There are two redirect types, redirect-blank and redirect-self. These are akin to using anchors/links in HTML, if you have ever done that. 

The redirect-blank opens a specified URL in a new tab, and the redirect-self opens a specified URL in the same tab.

**Slide 14
Redirect type pages add one configuration tab, and that is where we place the specified URL

**Slide 15
