**Opening slide

Brightcove Beacon's video assets are stored in Video Cloud. In most cases the videos will have metadata associated with them that is critical to the proper functioning and use of the videos within Brightcove Beacon. 

For instance, metadata is used to associate videos that are episodes with a specific season of a series. Also, some advertising configuration is done via the video's metadata.

**Slide 2
At a high level the process of using videos in Brightcove Beacon is:
1. Ingest the videos into Video Cloud
2. Assign the videos the proper metadata via custom fields
3. Ingest the Video Cloud videos and playlists into Brightcove Beacon

This video will focus on creating the custom fields in Video Cloud Studio that are needed by Brightcove Beacon. Other training videos exist for how to populate the custom fields and then ingest the videos into Brightcove Beacon.

**Move to Creating Video Cloud Custom Fields
There is a corresponding document we will need to reference to get a complete list of custom fields needed by Brightcove Beacon. We'll see that doc in just a moment.

OK, let's get started. We are going to log in to Video Cloud Studio and then navigate to the Admin module.

In the Admin Module, we need to go to Video Fields. Video fields will display both the standard metadata fields, and any custom fields we add.

Here we see the Standard Fields. Every video asset in Video Cloud have these fields available in which to add values.

Before we add a custom field, let's take a look at the document that lists the custom fields that will need to be created in your Video Cloud account. We'll go to the Brightcove Beacon documentation site,  then navigate to Syncing with Video Cloud and finally Creating Video Cloud Custom Fields.

As we scroll through this document we first see how to add custom fields, which we will be doing in this video shortly.

Next comes a list of the Standard fields, the metadata fields that automatically exist for every video.

And here is the first list of custom fields that must be created for Brightcove Beacon, the General, Custom fields.

The first row of the table shows a custom field is needed to hold genres. The Video Cloud display name will be beacon.genre. Note the internal name is automatically added in, with the period replaced by an underscore. The display name can be changed, but we must be sure the Internal Name remains as show in the table.

Now we choose the data type. In this case we would select either Text or List.

Text can be up to 1024 single byte characters

List means the user will select one item from a list of values. Lists can have no more than 150 possible values and each value in the list can be no more than 100 characters long.

If we choose list, the UI changes and we can enter values for the list. We can enter the values comma separated, individually or a combo thereof.

Also note that we can make a custom field required, but none of the custom fields entered for Brightcove Beacon will be required.

Now we know how to create custom fields in Video Cloud. Let's go back to the doc look at the different groups of custom fields that need to be created for Brightcove Beacon.

We've seen this list, the general, custom fields. It contains fields that one would consider common metadata for Brightcove Beacon video assets.

Next comes the rights management fields. These fields support the monetization and access restrictions for assets. Since it is possible for a video asset to have multiple sets of restrictions, these fields are used as numeric sets. 

**Navigate to Understanding the rights management custom field of Using Subscription Package doc
This document details how to use the rights management custom fields.

We see the fields use the <counter> holder to indicate where a number should go. And here we see how to actually use the fields with the counters 0-2. Any set of numbers will work, like 1-3.

What we want to understand at this point is HOW the rights management fields work. In a later video we'll actually supply values and use them.

**Back to Creating Video Cloud Custom Fields doc
OK, back to our Creating Video Cloud Custom Fields document.

The last set of Brightcove Beacon custom fields are for episodes. If a video belongs to a series, then these fields must be use. 

You will create a series and seasons for that series in Brightcove Beacon. Then in the episode custom fields you would associate the video with the correct series and season.

Here is an example of values for the custom fields. All the videos belong to the Adventures on the Oregon Coast series. Then the six videos use the custom fields to assign each video to that series and either season one or season 2.
