In the last video is was mostly learning where analytics information supplied be Brightcove was, and how to see those assets.


So, now we've talked about this dimensions and metrics.


And basically, a dimension is an attribute of your data.


So, for instance, the city is an example of a metric, the Values A metric can have different values like You can probably guess.


We just looked at some food Shaw, Boston, Guadalajara, Palm, Harbor Clearwater.


Then, the metric is a qualitative measurement on that dimension.


So, for instance, the number of sessions from a particular city would be the metric, just so you have one more, like, to kinda get this down to you, one more example, dimensions and metrics.


Another dimension could be browser, right?


So browser, of course, could have multiple values, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Whatever it is, then the metric would be the people that visited which browser, so 80% of the people were using Safari 15, blah, blah, blah.


So, that's dimensions, and metrics.


And the dimensions and metrics were given.


Bradco didn't feel like that was a complete set.


But given by default, in Google Analytics, and they didn't feel that was a complete set.


So, what they've done, they have actually added some custom dimensions.


And, they say, dimensions and metrics.


It's actually, they've added one metric that we've already seen.


And let me go in and show you how you can see those.


Go back to Analytics, Admin, customed definitions, Custom Dimensions, so here's the custom Dimensions.


And up here, I'm going to look.


I'll show you this just a little bit.


Notice up here.


This is Beacon, iOS, and so this is from all accounts, Beacon, Beacon, iOS, and Mobile.


Notice, we have 16 of them.


And so these are dimensions that have been added by Brian Cole because, they feel they're necessary for customers to have a view of these.


And they probably want this information.


And custom metrics are just one, which we use as that's time watched.


Now, I'm going to select a different view.


I'm going to go to Web.


All website Data.


Metrics are the same dimensions.


Notice there's 20, So, it depends on what your view is, how many dimensions you may have.


And so, there are different dimensions that are put in that are provided to you.


I just have a quick summary here, iOS.


Here's, I think, it was 16.


And here's the web, with 20, and honestly, I don't, I haven't bothered to go through and count up for each one, but I wanted to show that they can be different.


I know I play with iOS and Web most knows the ones I knew that were different.


So these are tools we have to use.


Well, then the next question is, well, how can I use them?


Again, this is not a class on Google Analytics.


This is just giving us a peek as to what's been supplied to us, and then also a peek into you can do other things with them.


And so what we want to do, is we want to build a report that uses genre, which is a custom dimension, and time watched, which is the custom and the only custom metric.


So let's go and do that.


And there's one other thing in here that I had a question about when I was working on this, and I'll show you what was, I wanted to see.


So what we're going to do, he's me going to go into customization customer Reports.


And I'm going to do a new customer report.


I'll give it a name again, 26, October Up Up here.


Sorry about that.


46, October, I'll just call this, see our customer report demo.


And so here, we're going to add a metric.


And the metric we want to use is actually a custom metric.


And it's the only one that's custom.


The only one that's added for us is time watched.


And then we might want to add a dimension.


So we're going to add a Dimension.


And again, custom Dimensions.


And I know.


Click the right one.


Yeah.


And let's use.


Genre.


There it is.


Now, here's the thing that I was wondering, because up here I don't know.


If you notice, when you did like website data, you picked Beacon of law counts, Beacon.


Then you had to pick like iOS or the web, or Roku.


But what if you wanted to do a report that uses more of those what you can do?


That's the views.


You can pick more views.


So here, you see this pops up.


So OK, I'm going to do Android, like everything Beacon, the web, iOS, Roku.


So those are going to be my views.


I'm going to gather data from all those different views to generate this.


And they'll click save.


And there is my Report here, and with all that information, here's the genre, the time, course you can flip these if you want to see what's not doing well it seems like thrillers, Thrillers, and Hors should pick up right being halloweens on its way.


And That's how you can use those Custom reports.


And you'll also notice That those appeared in Other places and that's why I intentionally use some of the customer earlier Because you don't have to, you don't have to do custom Reports to use those.


You can see in the regular dashboards, or when you're creating a dashboard, also.


Attach, You want to learn Google Analytics?


It's more than what I can provide when I'm talking about this.


So, there's something called Google Analytics Academy.


I've actually looked through some materials and watch some of them, so I'd have some idea of what's going on, and so that's a good resource to do.


And also, remember that bright Koebel add these entities to your Google Analytics account.


And the trap is customization as a customer's responsibility.


I need possessive.


They're gonna make a note.


Yeah, quick review, so bright, co supply some reports.


We know, both, a default dashboard, a default Data Studio Report, and these other resources, meaning dimensions and the one metrics for use in Google Analytics those are put in by Brightcove.


So what are these?


As I mentioned, we have the dashboard, the Data Studio report.


The dimensions in the metric and customization of reports is the customer's responsibility.


And this course is basically to get you to understand that the data from all the view's feeds into Google Analytics, it does not use there's actually a couple of things fed back.


I think maybe two properties are fed back from the.


Video Js back to video cloud analytics.


But it's, it's so incomplete It's it's not helpful to us.


And that completes this introduction to how analytics for use and before everyone came on, I was mentioning it, like, this felt more like show and tell that really teaching anything and because that's basically what it is, you're gonna go in.


And if you want to dig deeper, then that's what the Google Analytics Academy is forward is not the point of this course.


To teach all that, just to give you a little hint into that, you can customize reports.


And if you want them to look pretty, you can use Data Studio.


All right, that wraps it up.


Thank you for your time, comments, questions.


And honestly, one of the things I want to ask is, should I even bother to show, like, the little bit of building your own analytics reports?


I just wanted to do to T So they know it's possible, But on the other hand, is it bad to show it when I'm not trying to teach anything?


I just want to make them aware of it.


And will that be more frustrating than helpful if you have any comments on that, I'd appreciate it.


Actually.
Bob Bailey

I have a comment.


Go ahead.
Bob Bailey

I would show that map.
Bob Bailey

No, And I think what you just said is exactly what I was thinking, Right?
Bob Bailey

Like, Google Analytics is just such a rat's Nest of so much stuff in there, right, so like, I'm thinking like, OK, can I go out, do it right now, laptop or not?
Bob Bailey

But you know what, like, at least I know the dimensions are there.
Bob Bailey

Right?
Bob Bailey

So even though I'm not going to remember, like, how you did that, or whatever, at least I know, hey, there's some breakout metrics there.
Bob Bailey

In addition to what Google supplies that I could use.
Bob Bailey

So, I would do what exactly how you did it, so that's my opinion.


And I do, by the way, if any of you ever, I don't know if we'll ever do these instructor led classes.


But I don't know if you can hear me shuffling papers.


I'm a Google analytics expert, but I have the steps on how to do all these things, because I just I learned it like two weeks ago, and I don't have it all memorized.


And so if you ever teaching this, or you want to see how these things are done, where there's something to be done, I have the steps there here.


Like, what are Google, and have some more examples of dimensions and metrics.


Any other feelings about that, Besides Bob?


Ambivalent, good, bad.
Armando Navarro

Not enough for me.
Armando Navarro

I think it's good.
Armando Navarro

It's clear.
Armando Navarro

I like it.
Miguel Ascanio

For me, there is great.
Miguel Ascanio

I mean.


This.
Miguel Ascanio

Is the first time that I, that I receive some sort of training, a wall analytics.
Miguel Ascanio

Yeah.


And honestly, and this is somebody's name, Jeff.


And Alberto will know what I mean with this.


I'm trying to track who in food scholl as the person to talk with about this, and I can't remember his name will have to do some asking about it.


But the, if you have any questions about Google Analytics, the guy in Food shawl L get his name, you can reach out to me.


He is the wizard, he's the one that's built all this then.


I got out of session with him and I had to keep putting the brakes on cars he.


He's really knowledgeable.


Really excited.


And I said, this is great but you're going way beyond what I'm ready to learn and way beyond what I'm going to put in my course.


So as much as I want to learn it, I just not ready for it.


And so he is really a sharp guy.


Other comments.


There's one, and this is more, again for Jeff, and Alberto and Bob, I didn't, I don't know, I just asked to get set up and where I could see Beacon's stuff and a lot of other stuff appeared.


Um, in here, there's ah, R, X, I think, you guys, this is our new site, so, if we wanted, we could go and you can go and look like, well, let's see, Let's go in and look at.


I guess, Duty of support, see if this makes sense, Bob, that this is real data.


Yeah, this probably is ha, like the number of, of users, so, we can, if we wanted to, we could actually build a dashboard.


Looking at each of our, you know, micro or mini support sites.


Anyway.


Any other questions or comments?


Everybody wants to make sure?


You're on top of.
Miguel Ascanio

Azure.


What's that?
Miguel Ascanio

Now, not, not for me, thank you, Mark.


Cool, well, get out here on time.


Probably nobody wants to hear me talk anymore, which, I understand.


So, thanks for your time, And any, if you want to send me other comments, when you think about this, I'll be starting the recordings soon.


So, please let me know soon, because I don't want to have to edit the recordings.


I'm not very good at it, and takes me time.


All.
Miguel Ascanio

Right.


Guys.
Armando Navarro

Right.
Jeff Doktor

Ok.


Yeah.
Jeff Doktor

Are you saying that these customers don't also get Video Cloud Analytics.


Well, if they're pure Beacon customers, it's of no use tool?


It says, we don't.
Jeff Doktor

Get Video View, right?
Jeff Doktor

I mean, all the videos reside in Video cloud.


Yeah, but how how are the views recorded, too?


Video Cloud Analytics.


What does the reporting?
Jeff Doktor

I think just all the player, right, so Exactly.


That's why I think it reports and I shoot someone told me I can't remember.


I probably shouldn't even bring it up.


One thing is sent back, went up, would have movie is playing in the web, which uses video Js, like a couple.


I think 1 or 2 statistics were sent back to Video Cloud.


But, you know, it's worse to look at that, but not to look at it.


You don't think it's meaningful, because it's not.
Jeff Doktor

I see.
Jeff Doktor

So it is clear, right, that these customers have to look here for their analytics.
Jeff Doktor

Oh.


Yep.


And that's why this courses exist, You know.


That's what I put in the docs, that.


Even though the videos were in video Cloud, the analytics are of no, there are no use to you, because nothing gets reported back, the video, clapp Yeah.


Yeah.


Now to look at a wall.


We're still here.


Like So this is for I can't I can't tell if this is actually broken down.
Jeff Doktor

Hmm, hmm.


Like, is there social?
Jeff Doktor

You can stop the recording.


Oh, yeah.


Good idea.
