Now we will go in and look at the Dashboard that Brightcove will add to your Google Analytics account.

The fist bullet is Google's definition of what an Analytics Dashboard is.

As we would expect, the Dashboard is customizable, but customizing dashboards is not the point of this course.

We will take a very quick into building dashboards, but the goal of this course is NOT to teach Google Analytics.

Once we go into Google Analytics we will have to do three things to see the Brightcove supplied Dashboard. They are:
1. Choose the desired account
2. Choose the desired view
3. From the UI navigation choose Customization then Dashboards.



But I don't want to go into the docs, because then it's like, where do you stop?


But in a course, it's easy to say, Hey, this is just a quick demo, so let's go do that.


We're going to go into Analytics here, and we're going to go to dashboards, create, am excuse a blank canvas.


I'm getting this 29 October.


I know if it's a date for me, I can delete it.


And then am I willing to click the create dashboard.


And they give you these widgets.


You can put on their kind of prebuilt.


So the first one we're going to do is we want to do a geo map and we just want to find by country where the users users, are going to click on Geo Map.


And then the metric is country, and we're gonna talk a little bit more about metrics, What we're gonna do, country, and then, what we want it to be do.


If we wanna go down, and we're excuse me, we're going to say just, Hey, this.


Oh, sorry about that.


I have to say what we want to look at.


And this one users, there's a long list here, So it's nice, too.


Do a search there.


There we go.


Sorry about that, and we click save.


And so, that's how we can add these widgets.


And you can probably see what's happened, because this looks just like something we did.


We looked at on the dashboard.


So you can go in here, and you can build these.


Let's do another one.


That's a pie chart that's.
Bob Bailey

Based on feedback.


I.
Bob Bailey

Have a question, though.
Bob Bailey

So yeah, the geo map by user.
Bob Bailey

Like, what is the user metric, right?
Bob Bailey

Like, is it the number of people that have logged into the app are logged in?
Bob Bailey

Like, what is the user metrics specifically?


That's why you should, I know.


Because I have no idea.


There's a whole bunch.


I'll take, you know, I'll find that our user.
Bob Bailey

I'm just curious right away.
Bob Bailey

What you know?
Bob Bailey

Like, video plays.
Bob Bailey

I'd understand all that, but I'm wondering, all right, If it's a Google thing, that's fine.
Bob Bailey

I was just curious.


Yeah.


Yeah, I'll look that up.


That is a good thing.


If I'm going to use it.


There are a bunch of different kinds of users there.


I don't know if you noticed think I can edit this.
Bob Bailey

I don't know if it's, like, logged in, or, you know, they watched at least one thing or whatever.
Bob Bailey

I was just curious.


Yeah.


So I'll find out exactly what that means.


I hope let's look here and see.


I just, that's?


Users who have initiated at least one session during the date range.


So, whatever initiated a session they went into, watch something for us then.


Would that be good enough for you, Bob?


Prefer?
Bob Bailey

That makes sense.


Yeah, I was.
Bob Bailey

Just curious, Riker's users like, so vague, so.


Right?


And that's the one, this is a classic thing about demo even.


And that's why I don't do it in the docs.


Or I'm still hesitant about doing well, if I'd be hesitant, if I were doing this, like the instructor led because you're starting down a path that there's no end to.


And it's, it can be scary.
Bob Bailey

That I should say and I never get to say this.
Bob Bailey

I'm gonna say it.


They're.
Bob Bailey

Walking into a hornet's Nest.


My kids go on.


It's this like this.


Yeah.


I want to add another way to just so you see, and this is going to be a pie chart and the metric we're going to use is time watched.


We'll see the time watched is special at aoa and the dimension, and we want the dimension to be these are long lists.


What have I done to have time?


Oh, that's why?


Somehow I selected the wrong one.


Cancel, Start again.


I don't know why wouldn't let me change that.


Hi.


Metric is.


Time watched, There it is, mm weird, and the dimension, we're going to talk about definition for these in just a second, John Meira.


So there's our widget that shows our time watched by genre.


And again, this is just to give people the idea that, OK, I can go in and with a little more knowledge, probably build what I want to see if I don't like the standard one.


And, of course, just like we've always done, if you have questions, or comments, or you can teach us all something, feel free to interact.


All right, did a quick intro, and we saw how we could add some widgets using the bright toll supply Data Studio Studio Report.


And, again, there's a definition of Data Studio for my very limited experience, and it's probably a Google people upset.


What I think Data Studio is, kinda like dashboards, are the drawing tools.


You can go in and arrange things.


I've gone through one of their little demos and you can put bars in and color things and separators, and all that kinda stuff.


And so, what you can do is really dress up and make a dashboard look pretty.


Let's go look at the report.


Again, this is one that's supply to us.


So I'm gonna go to the Data Studio.


And here's the one that's supplied to us.


I gave you a quick glimpse of this earlier, and so here's some three poor taught movies, top series, blah, blah, blah.


Notice it has pages.


So, there's this, this Student Data Studio report has three pages.


I wanted to see, I actually logged in.


I don't see, I thought, maybe, Paul Harbor.


I was curious how fast it's got updated, thought I was prepping for this.


I went in, but it doesn't update that rapidly turns out.


Again, reference in the view analytics.


Something else that's given us the look at.
